you guys thumb boat Hughton ringing you
another pocket edition 0.9 point zero
news update and this is going to be on
the release date the specific release
date of the update now i know i posted a
video a few days ago about the update
being submitted and a potential release
date now this is official it's coming
directly from mojang and johan posted a
link saying that there's a new article
up on mojang that talks about the new
update and the specific release date for
Pocket Edition super 9.0 is going to be
on July tenth now the developers were
talking that they were trying to get the
update to be released on every single
app store which would there be five app
stores and they were trying to get them
all released on the exact same day at
the exact same time so everyone has an
equal chance at playing the game and the
supposed the specific release date is
July tenth now that's what the article
says the app stores may delay it further
so I will keep you guys posted however
July tenth is the exact release date of
Zuppa 9.0 so I'm super excited for this
also on the article they provided a
changelog and
I'll just give you guys a run-through of
the new features though you guys already
know them infinite worlds caves dungeons
mine shafts tons of new blocks including
flowers and vines and all that stuff new
mobs such as wolves and endermen
generated structures such as bandhan
mine shafts villages dungeons and all
that stuff tons of new bugs fixed and
hopefully not very many new bugs added
and just overall it's a massive update
the biggest stuff that they've ever done
so I can't wait for it hopefully it'll
be out on July tenth then again like I
said it may get postponed even further
but July tenth is the exact release date
so I'm pretty excited for this anyway
thanks for watching this rather short
update video if you liked it leave a
like favorite complicate thoughts
subscribe and I'll see you next video